Every time I open my mouth
I have regrets in my mind
Every time
And no one seems to figure me out
I guess it's stress
It's making me feel so depressed
Most my life, I felt so tired
But every now and then
when I try, I say
Keep it up and go on
You're only holding out
for what you want
You no longer owe the strangers
It's enough, it's enough
Keep it up and go on
Yeah, you're only holding
out for what you want
I know that it's so frustrating
It's enough, keep it up
Now I'm here and I wish that I wasn't
I'm in a place in front of a dozen
People I've nevеr met
And I don't know if this is correct
I guess I'm blеssed
I never give myself respect
Most my life I'm asking why
But anytime I give it a try, I say
Keep it up and go on
You're only holding out
for what you want
You no longer owe the strangers
It's enough, it's enough
Keep it up and go on
Yeah, you're only holding
out for what you want
I know that it's so frustrating
It's enough, keep it up
Yeah, it's enough
I've really had enough
I paid the price, I'm done, no
Keep it up and go on
You're only holding out
for what you want
You no longer owe the strangers
It's enough, it's enough
Keep it up and go on
Yeah, you're only holding
out for what you want
I know that it's so frustrating
It's enough, keep it up
It's enough, it's enough
Keep it up, keep it up
No, no, mm-mm